Quick pause for
conversation around the three Es and
how you see those kind of
filtering into your work.
Are you doing all three of those things?
If not, what are you missing?
Anybody have thoughts or ideas here?
>> I guess more broadly, this is probably
something we should have discussed
at the very beginning, but how would
you define a design system, right?
Because for
us it's the component library, and
then the actual UI assets within Figma,
but then also the style guide
that's associated with how they
should be used in the real world.
And those kind of three things combined
identify as our design system.
And for us,
especially with the educate and
the style guide associated with
an input field, for example, and
how you should be using an input field,
is where we struggle the most.
Because there are so
many different nuanced instances of where
it kind of abides by the rule set,
but there's this unique
circumstance where it needs to
be its own special use case.
>> Yeah.
>> Which, I think,
once our engineering staff sees that once,
it's just kind of a slippery slope
where it becomes much easier for
them to shy away from the guidelines
that we've tried to establish.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I guess, for me, how do you take
the expertise of your product designers,
your UX designers, and try to
gracefully tell your engineers like,
these are things that are set for
a reason and we need to abide by them?
>> Yeah, there's sort of
a complicated answer to this, and
it comes into the sort of
cultural side of things,
which is how individuals interact with
each other inside the organization.
So if you are a designer,
you've designed and
built this input for
all these engineers to use.
And you're going to them and
saying, we finally have the tools now as
designers to work more systematically.
So Figma gives us the ability to do this,
a more systematic approach.
Well, I guarantee you those developers
are gonna say we've been working
systematically since we were born.
[LAUGH] That's just the way
development works, right?
If you do CSS, we come up with classes.
That's a way to abstract a set of styles.
That's a systems thinking approach, right?
So we now have the ability
to do that in design.
And so, I think the approach to somebody
like in that scenario where a designer is
saying, here's the input you
need to use this engineers.
We have to go to them with
the understanding that,
hey, this is actually new for us, but
we know you've been doing this a while,
and let's talk about why these
things are the way they are.
This is also a combination of leadership.
So if you're in a more of a top down
scenario or you've got more of a control
type culture, that's where it's okay for
one part of the organization to say,
this is the process you follow,
these are the rules, follow the process.
In a more collaborative culture,
that's not okay.
That means we have to work together
to come up with a solution, and
that's the right way in this culture for
us to operate.
So I can't answer that without
knowing more about your organization.
But when we get to the culture section,
like I'll ask you, where do you fit here?
And then that'll maybe help us inform
the way that we would go about addressing
that specific issue.
Does that make sense?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
Thank you.
>> Okay, yeah.
The last thing I asked you to
do before was to come up with one or
two ideas for
things that you needed to do to move your
system into the next stage of maturity.
So what I want you to do now, this is an
exercise we go through with our clients,
is we go look at their backlog and
we take every single item, every story,
every ticket, however they do it, and
we break it into these three things.
And that's because everything that
you're gonna do in your system,
there's always an educational
component to it.
There's always an engagement component and
there's always an evolution.
A lot of times we're only
thinking about that third column.
So I would encourage you
just to spend a minute,
you don't have to necessarily
get all this done now.
But this is an approach you can take with
your backlog to go through it and say,
okay, we actually haven't accounted for
all the educational side of what we have
to do here, so let's think
through each of these tasks and
try to figure out who
do we need to educate.
Who do we have to engage with to actually
make sure that what we're doing is
the right thing, right?
So this is a helpful little
exercise you can do.
>> Should we use the same colors for
all the products of the company?
Or maybe it ties in with this, but-
>> Man,
that's like,
[LAUGH] that's a huge question.
Actually, that's a brand question probably
more than it is a design system question.
I mean, there's so
many ways to tackle that.
I don't know that I can give
an actual answer to that.
Because without knowing
the intent of the products and
the different set of audiences,
it's really hard to know.
We've definitely built
systems that are multi-brand,
a single organization
owning multiple brands.
So they have this idea of kind of
brand themes associated with them,
we usually use tokens and
a token system to enable that.
We've also worked with organizations
that have dozens of products all under
the same brand.
And so those have a very consistent or
cohesive look and feel.
So I think it sort of depends
on the specific use case.
That's a great question, and I would
probably encourage you to take that to
folks at brand inside the organization and
start a relationship with them,
cuz that's really the way you
get to the answer to that.